Update Porter README and diagrams (#40)
nucypher/nucypher-porter: README.rst

Overview
--------
Porter can be described as the *“Infura for TACo”*. Porter is a
web-based service that performs TACo-based protocol operations for
applications.

Its goal is to simplify and abstract the complexities surrounding the

> TACo protocol to negate the need for applications to interact with it

Reviewer: i quite liked "interact with it directly"

> directly via a Python client. Porter introduces the TACo protocol to

Reviewer 2: And other clients, too

cross-platform functionality, including web and mobile applications.

.. image:: ./porter_diagram.png
    :target: ./porter_diagram.png

> Any publicly available Porter can be used to interface with the
> Threshold Network, or some application developers opt to run their
> own.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can utilize any publicly accessible Porter to interact with the Threshold Network. Alternatively, some application developers choose to operate their own.
```

Author: ✔️

    and it is dependent on the tool being used.

> POST /cbd_decrypt

Reviewer: i'd be keen to have this as similar to the `nucypher-ts` api as possible. So in `ts` where we have `taco.decrypt` it should probably be `taco_decrypt` here

Author: 👍 - I'm good with that name change unless someone else objects (cc @cygnusv , @KPrasch , @arjunhassard ).

That being said, I'd like to do it in a separate PR, since I'll also have to make changes to `nucypher-ts`. Filed #42
